[DOCS] Clarify atomic change for alias swap (#59154)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/indices/aliases.asciidoc

It is an error to index to an alias which points to more than one index.

It is also possible to swap an index with an alias in one, atomic operation.
This means there will be no point in time where the alias points to no
index in the cluster state. However, as indexing and searches involve multiple

> steps it is entirely possible for the in-flight or queued requests to fail
> due to non-existing index transiently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
steps, it is possible for the in-flight or queued requests to fail
due to the transient non-existence of an index.
```
